Max desired text size: 600

Hello there. So... yeah... if you're reading this, you now find yourself in a maze. If you're wondering why you're here, sorry. I can't help. I have no idea either. The best thing you can do now is find the exit. Well... off you go, then. I'm rooting for you.

When someone asked me to write some notes as if I was writing to someone trapped inside a maze, I could only think what weird nonsense that was. Who would ever think someone would really be trapped in a maze and read these notes?

Have you ever tried to light up a glow stick using only one hand?

I've heard the power grid here is quite... limited. At a given moment, some things work and others don't. I'm afraid not everything can work at once

It's always good to keep spare batteries at hand. You never know when a battery dies and you can't use your device

I don't see any good reason to store a glow stick once you've lit it. Do you?

If you are carrying more than you can bear, don't be afraid to get rid of the things you don't have a use for anymore. Just... be 100% sure about it, 'cause you may not get some of them back

The main purpose of a battery is to power electrical devices. So, it might be pointless to try and use one of them if you don't have such a device

I was wondering... you might think (and I actually agree) that exploring a maze is not intuitive at all. But on the other hand, the more area you cover, the greater the chance of finding helpful stuff

You know... if you have something that runs on electricity and you don't feel like using it now, it's good practice to turn it off. You don't want to waste a resource so valuable and limited as electric power for nothing, right? And later on, when you really need it and you try to turn it on, only to find out it won't work because you forgot a simple thing such as turning it off... it sucks. It really, really sucks...

*I don't know if you've noticed yet, but the maze doesn't really care about how much you want to leave. Walls are still walls, dead ends are still dead ends, and somehow you always end up somewhere you swear you've never been before. My advice? Try to remember where you've already been. Getting lost once is annoying. Getting lost twice because you forgot you were already lost is just embarrassing.


I heard a story once... it was about a guy molded for war. But not any war. The biggest war humanity ever fought. Against Hell itself. And that guy was humanity's greatest asset. He fought endless hordes of demons. But an endless wrath was also what drove him, as if he had nothing but rage flowing through his veins. The guy who demons were afraid of, always leaving nothing but their ashes in his wake. All of this without uttering a single word, but always with a voice whispering inside his mind: rip and tear... rip and tear...

I heard a story once... it was about a girl who was born into a rich family. She was destined to take care of the family business after her parents died, but her adventurous spirit and her father's narratives of his own adventures wouldn't let that happen. Instead, she decided to dedicate her life to exploring the world and see it with her own eyes. The most interesting thing is that, while doing so, she ended up coming across stunning landscapes hidden in the most remote regions, some of them serving as hidden places to the most unique artifacts that were sought after by people with the worst intentions. And man, she did kick those people's asses, secretly saving the world from the most unimaginable threats.

Well, would you look at that. You've managed to find the exit (or should it be the entrance again? You tell me). Maybe you feel a feeling of growth after that, eh? No? Ah, whatever. At least you're now free to get back to your life. Unless, for any reason, you want to go through all of this again, so that you can grow more, and then go again, and grow even more... Oh, and by
 the way, you took [time] to get out. Do whatever you want with that information